----------------------------------------------------------
Verb Tense Exercise 3

Simple Past / Past Continuous

Correct! Well done.
Your score is 95%.
1. A: What (you, do) were you doing when the accident occurred? 
B: I (try) was trying to change a light bulb that had burnt out. 

2. After I (find) found the wallet full of money, I (go, immediately) immediately went to the police and (turn) turned it in. 

3. The doctor (say) said that Tom (be) was too sick to go to work and that he (need) needed to stay at home for a couple of days. 

4. Sebastian (arrive) arrived at Susan's house a little before 9:00 PM, but she (be, not) was not there. She (study, at the library) was studying at the library for her final examination in French. 

5. Sandy is in the living room watching television. At this time yesterday, she (watch, also) was also watching television. That's all she ever does! 

6. A: I (call) called you last night after dinner, but you (be, not) were not there. Where were you? 
B: I (work) was working out at the fitness center. 

7. When I (walk) walked into the busy office, the secretary (talk) was talking on the phone with a customer, several clerks (work, busily) were busily working at their desks, and two managers (discuss, quietly) were quietly discussing methods to improve customer service. 

8. I (watch) was watching a mystery movie on TV when the electricity went out. Now I am never going to find out how the movie ends. 

9. Sharon (be) was in the room when John told me what happened, but she didn't hear anything because she (listen, not) was not listening. 

10. It's strange that you (call) called because I (think, just) was just thinking about you. 

!11. The Titanic (cross) was crossing the Atlantic when it (strike) struck an iceberg. 

!12. When I entered the bazaar, a couple of merchants (bargain, busily) were busily bargaining and (try) were trying to sell their goods to naive tourists who (hunt) were hunting for souvenirs. Some young boys (lead) were leading their donkeys through the narrow streets on their way home. A couple of men (argue) were arguing over the price of a leather belt. I (walk) walked over to a man who (sell) was selling fruit and (buy) bought a banana. 

!13. The firemen (rescue) rescued the old woman who (be) was trapped on the third floor of the burning building. 

14. She was so annoying! She (leave, always) was always leaving her dirty dishes in the sink. I think she (expect, actually) actually expected me to do them for her. 

15. Samantha (live) was living in Berlin for more than two years. In fact, she (live) was living there when the Berlin Wall came down.

------------------------------------------------------
verbs 4
Simple Past / Past Continuous

Correct! Well done.
Your score is 99%.
Last night, while I was doing my homework, Angela (call) called. She said she (call) was calling me on her cell phone from her biology classroom at UCLA. I asked her if she (wait) was waiting for class, but she said that the professor was at the front of the hall lecturing while she (talk) was talking to me. I couldn't believe she (make) was making a phone call during the lecture. I asked what was going on. 

She said her biology professor was so boring that several of the students (sleep, actually) were actually sleeping in class. Some of the students (talk) were talking about their plans for the weekend and the student next to her (draw) was drawing a picture of a horse. When Angela (tell) told me she was not satisfied with the class, I (mention) mentioned that my biology professor was quite good and (suggest) suggested that she switch to my class. 

While we were talking, I (hear) heard her professor yell, "Miss, are you making a phone call?" Suddenly, the line went dead. I (hang) hung up the phone and went to the kitchen to make dinner. As I (cut) was cutting vegetables for a salad, the phone rang once again. It (be) was Angela, but this time she wasn't sitting in class.

---------------------------------------------------------
Verb Tense Exercise 5

Simple Past / Present Perfect

Correct! Well done.
Your score is 94%.
1. A: Did you like the movie "Star Wars?" 
B: I don't know. I (see, never) have never seen that movie. 

2. Sam (arrive) arrived in San Diego a week ago. 

3. My best friend and I (know) have known each other for over fifteen years. We still get together once a week. 

4. Stinson is a fantastic writer. He (write) has written ten very creative short stories in the last year. One day, he'll be as famous as Hemingway. 

5. I (have, not) have not had this much fun since I (be) was a kid. 

6. Things (change) have changed a great deal at Coltech, Inc. When we first (start) started working here three years ago, the company (have, only) only had six employees. Since then, we (expand) have expanded to include more than 2000 full-time workers. 

7. I (tell) told him to stay on the path while he was hiking, but he (wander) wandered off into the forest and (be) was bitten by a snake. 

8. Listen Donna, I don't care if you (miss) missed the bus this morning. You (be) have been late to work too many times. You are fired! 

9. Sam is from Colorado, which is hundreds of miles from the coast, so he (see, never) has never seen the ocean. He should come with us to Miami. 

10. How sad! George (dream) dreamt of going to California before he died, but he didn't make it. He (see, never) never saw the ocean.

11. In the last hundred years, traveling (become) has become much easier and very comfortable. In the 19th century, it (take) took two or three months to cross North America by covered wagon. The trip (be) was very rough and often dangerous. Things (change) have changed a great deal in the last hundred and fifty years. Now you can fly from New York to Los Angeles in a matter of hours. 

12. Jonny, I can't believe how much you (change) have changed since the last time I (see) saw you. You (grow) have grown at least a foot! 

13. This tree (be) was planted by the settlers who (found) founded our city over four hundred years ago. 

14. This mountain (be, never) has never been climbed by anyone. Several mountaineers (try) have tried to reach the top, but nobody (succeed, ever) has ever succeeded. The climb is extremely difficult and many people (die) have died trying to reach the summit. 

15. I (visit, never) have never visited Africa, but I (travel) have traveled to South America several times. The last time I (go) went to South America, I (visit) visited Brazil and Peru. I (spend) spent two weeks in the Amazon, (hike) hiked for a week near Machu Picchu, and (fly) flew over the Nazca Lines.
